Asynchronous configuration / config merging (#16643)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/curly-steaks-mate.md

---

> '@backstage/backend-app-api': minor
> '@backstage/backend-common': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/backend-app-api': patch
'@backstage/backend-common': patch
```

> ---
> '@backstage/backend-app-api': minor
> '@backstage/backend-common': minor
> '@backstage/config-loader': minor
> ---
> 
> Allow an additionalConfig to be provided to loadBackendConfig that fetches config values during runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/backend-app-api': minor
'@backstage/backend-common': minor
---

Allow additional configuration data to be provided to `loadBackendConfig` through the new `additionalConfigs` option.
```

`config-loader` is no longer involved, and figure we could message this a bit neater
